Document undocumented flags and options (#8911)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/proof-engine/ssreflect-proof-language.rst

  (see :ref:`pattern_conditional_ssr`).  To use the
  generalized form, turn off the |SSR| Boolean ``if`` notation using the command:
  ``Close Scope boolean_if_scope``.
+ The following flags can be unset to make |SSR| more compatible with
  parts of Coq:

.. flag:: SsrRewrite

   Controls whether the incompatible rewrite syntax is enabled (the default).
   Disabling the flag makes the syntax compatible with other parts of Coq.

.. flag:: SsrIdents

>    Controls whether reserved identifiers can appear in scripts.  The default

Author: Hmm, I wasn't able to construct an example of this.  `Theorem exists: True.` is not accepted with either setting.  `Theorem Print: True.` is always accepted.  What would be an example?  I suppose it would be in an SSR-specific line (which I'm unfamiliar with)?  I might clarify the wording a bit.

>    Controls whether reserved identifiers can appear in scripts.  The default

Reviewer: The use of the term "reserved identifier" is probably confusing because it may be understood as "keywords" when in fact, it designate the way that SSReflect names variables that were not given an explicit name:

```coq
Require Import ssreflect.

Unset SsrIdents.

Goal forall (P : Prop), P -> P.
move => *.
apply: _Hyp_.
(* Warning: The name _Hyp_ fits the _xxx_ format used for anonymous variables.
            Scripts with explicit references to anonymous variables are fragile. *)
(* Without the Unset SsrIdents above, this tactic would fail with:
            The identifier _Hyp_ is reserved. *)
```

>    Controls whether reserved identifiers can appear in scripts.  The default

Author: Got it, thanks.  "anonymous variables" is not a great term here because the "anonymous variables" are being assigned names.  So I used other language.  Please merge if agreeable.

I notice that `|Coq|` in the .rst file just becomes `Coq` in the final html document.  Does this construct still do something useful, e.g. uses a different font in the TeX version?  For `|SSR|` I see it replaces it with `SSReflect`.

`Small-scale reflection makes an extensive use of the programming
subset of |Gallina|, |Coq|’s logical specification language.`

>    is "on".  "off" is compatible with other parts of Coq.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   is on.  Disabling the flag increases compatibility with other parts of Coq.
```

  (see :ref:`pattern_conditional_ssr`).  To use the
  generalized form, turn off the |SSR| Boolean ``if`` notation using the command:
  ``Close Scope boolean_if_scope``.
+ The following flags can be unset to make |SSR| more compatible with
  parts of Coq:

.. flag:: SsrRewrite

   Controls whether the incompatible rewrite syntax is required.  The default

>    is "on".  "off" makes the syntax compatible with other parts of Coq.

Reviewer: Let me advise once more against using this "on" / "off" terminology which might confuse readers in thinking that these would be options taking strings as input.

Reviewer 2: On and off are the possible states of a switch. I don't find it confusing.

Reviewer 3: At least the quotes are confusing. And we avoided this terminology for other entries because it *did* create some confusion for some readers.

Reviewer 2: Yes, the `"` should not be there.

Author: I avoid using phrases such as "when the flag is set" because they are ambiguous.  It could mean both "when the flag has the value `on`" or "when the flag is assigned any value (both `on` or `off``).  `Test` and `Print Options` show the value of flags as `on` or `off`.  As I mentioned, I changed the wording to `enabled`.

>    **Reviewers: "required" or "allowed" above?**

Reviewer: Rather "activated"... ? (thus closer to "allowed" or "supported")

Author: I made it "enabled".  Presumably readers will grasp that enabled=set and disabled=unset.

        rewrite -[f y x]/(y + _).

.. flag:: SsrOldRewriteGoalsOrder

   Controls the order in which generated subgoals (side conditions)
   are added to the

>    proof context.  "off", the default value, puts subgoals generated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   proof context.  It is off by default, in which case it puts subgoals generated
```

>    by conditional rules first, followed by the main goal.  "on" puts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   by conditional rules first, followed by the main goal.  When this flag is on, it puts
```

   the main goal first.  If your proofs are organized to complete

>    proving the main goal before side conditions, "on" will save you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   proving the main goal before side conditions, turning this flag on will save you
```

prenex implicits declaration see :ref:`parametric_polymorphism_ssr`

Settings
~~~~~~~~

.. flag:: Debug Ssreflect

   Print debug information on reflect to standard output.

.. flag:: Debug SsrMatching

   Print debug information on SSR matching to standard output.  Has no effect

>    unless the environment variable `SSRMATCHINGDEBUG` exists.

Reviewer 2: This note about the env variable is just a bug in the code. I'm pretty sure I wanted to be able to enable the option via an env variable, I guess I should have used a disjunction rather than a conjunction. I'm fine removing this (broken) feature.

Also, I would not be so specific about where prints are performed, eg I see these debug prints in a CoqIDE window too.

Author: I was mistaken; the environment variable works correctly.  I'll keep it in the code but remove the mention in the doc unless you suggest otherwise.
